LIST ANSWERS!!!!
When you change the settings to circle inside the circle changes to hollow when changes to circle outside the circle changes to solid black circle
when changing the settings to square the settings change to solid squares and when changing the settings to none the squares disappear.
When adding the border setting the border increased and and a red solid line appeared. When the padding 10px was added the actual box bordering it inlarged.
Then, when you add the 40px it expands the box larger and to the left. Then when you remove the padding to 0px the border gets
smaller again and moves all the way to the left.

When adding the think, black dashed border the dashed border is around each of the items in the list. Adding the 10px makes the
boxes with each list item that is surrounded by the black dashed border more wide. Each of the new boxes in the list gets wider.
When you add the width 200px the box the list becomes a small box-list all the way to the left (if that makes sense).
When you add the margin to 20px each list item in the dotted boxes become separated; they are no longer attached. When you set
the display property to inline the list items are now next to each other, still in their dotted boxes, within the red box.
When you add the block display property it goes back to what it looked like before the inline display property was added.
When you add the display property to inline-block the lists are once again separated and spaced out in their respective dotted
lined boxes. "List item 1" "second list item " "list item #3" and "4" are all next to each other and "fifth list item" is
directly under "list item 1".


POSITION ANSWERS!!!!
When you set the position to relative the words "This is some text after the test div. Notice how this moves, depending on how
we set the test div" go below the pink box.
When you add the left property at a value of 100px the the pink box shifts to the right.
When you remove the left property and add a right property at a value of 100px the box shifts to the left so you can't see
a little bit of the pink box--it goes beyond the 0 on the ruler.
When you remove the right property and add a top property at a value of 100px, the box shifts down, so there is a gap/space
between the ruler and the box.
When you keep the top property and add a left property value of 100px the box shifts to the right and there is still a space
between the ruler and the box.
When you remove the top and left properties the box goes back to its original form.
When you set the property value to absolute the half of the phrase "This is some text after the test div. Notice how this movies, depending on
how we set the test div" goes behind the pink box and is straight below the ruler and "next to" (minus half of the words) the pink box.
When you set the top property to 0px the pink box shifts all the way above the ruler into the directions and the phrase "This is
some text... etc." is now fully showing below the ruler.
When you keep the top property at 0px and add a right property at 0px, the pink box shifts from the right side of the
page to the left side of the page.
When you change the value of the right property to 100px the pink box shifts a little to the left side of the page.
When you remove the top property the box shifts down directly below the ruler and the phrase "This is some text...etc." shifts to
the left. And is to the left of the pink box.
When you add a bottom property at a value of 0px the pink box shifts up a little bit so it is almost on the ruler (so you can barely
see the numbers on the ruler)


FLOATS ANSWERS!!!
When you float both divs right the two boxes become aligned with each other to more of the right side.
When you float both divs left they shift to the left and are still aligned with each other.
When you float testDiv1 to the right and testDiv2 to the left testDiv1 goes all the way to the right while testDiv2 goes all
the way to the left and there is a space in between them.
When you set both divs to the left and the testDiv1 to a size of 60% that box becomes longer than testDiv2 and it is now
above testDiv2.
The largest size setting in % we can set both divs is 20%.
When you resize your browser window, at least for mine, it stayed the same.
When you copy and past the testDiv1 from the html source code page it creates a 3rd box (testDiv3)
Around 28% makes them equal size.
